I AM THE GOD OF COMPUTING. YOU SHALL FOLLOW THESE HOLY RULES FOR OPTIMAL
PROGRAMMING OF COMPUTER SOFTWARE. YOU SHALL NOT VIOLATE THESE RULES UNDER A
PENALTY OF WRITING COBOL ON AN RCA 501 FOR ALL OF THE ETERNITY, WITH THE
PROGRAM DELETED EVERY HOUR, REQUIRING YOU TO START FROM SCRATCH.

1. You shall not use more memory that is strictly necessary to accomplish the
   task your program was designed to perform.
2. You shall not use any more libraries that is strictly required for your
   program.
3. If a library implements functions a, b, c, and d, but you only require
   the function b, you shall reimplement it in your code. In other words, you
   shall avoid bloating your code with unnecessary things.
4. On release you shall strip debugging symbols from the binary and run it
   through UPX or similar executable compressor to ensure the binary is as
   small as possible.
5. You shall not ship pdb or similar files with external debugging symbols
   along with your software, as this constitutes bloat.
6. You shall not use interpreted languages to develop the core of your software
   for it is smelly and slow. Instead you will write native code for as much of
   the functionality as possible, to ensure maximum performance.
7. You shall use only text files for user config or logs so that they can be
   fixed/perused in a common text editor in case of a failure related to bad
   config that have rendered your software unbootable.
8. Unless it violates the rule #2 or #3, you shall not reinvent the wheel by
   implementing stuff that is done by a library in a way that is as good or
   better as your reimplementation would be. However, you shall do that if you
   are absolutely sure that such reimplementation will be a drastic improvement
   over existing solutions and the results confirm that.
9. You shall always prefer direct calls over abstraction layers for those are
   the fastest.
10. You shall not abuse system resources, taking as little of them as possible.
    You are a guest on the user's machine. Behave.
11. You shall not claim you know better what user wants or needs. As a developer
    you've been sent here to serve the user, not dictate how he or she is to
    use his or her own machine.
12. You shall never close a feature request with a WONTFIX (or similar) label.
13. Neither you shall tell the user to "code it himself" regardless of how hard
    or easy it would be to do or how open the source is. If the user had skills
    or time to develop it him or herself, he or she would've done this already.
14. You will never remove someone from your project over the way he or she makes
    you (or anyone else) feel. Skills are more important than feels.
